how is the youtube protester
well after disappearing me
hundreds and thousands of years at last
I bring the following review of percy
jackson or the son of neptune and the
truth is that I have so many feelings
with this saga
what's going ok in contrast to the hero
lost in the son of Neptune no longer
we talk about Jason now we come back with
percy in this book we realize
where the hell was he?
the great discovery that there is another
camp that is the camp
jupiter and is with ge and good as well as what
they suspected persisted in the camp
jupiter good you'll realize that
lupa slept him for a while so I do not know why
What did he do that left him in a coma?
if nothing good here in the camp
jupiter the Roman camp is a
kind of curse that there is a son of
Neptune normally things do not happen
good when there is a son of Neptune who
I mean persie or poseidon be in the
camp so well it's not very well
received if the attempt is made
have it there and that's how percy meets
frank and geyser
the truth takes these characters a lot
I really like the fragment character
tide of frank frank is a son of ares
of Mars if this and good heysel is the
that ultimately ends up taking care of
these two little boys in the whole book
I like them very much because they are
quite united and I do not know if they are going to
end up together frank hey salt because to
end of accounts 6 he is from Jason and if not
I do not know how this is going to end
it has to be this quick review because
and I want to start the brand had
another event that frigged me a lot
in this book is that we have nico nico
you're a damn or you know of partridge
because he does not return his memory, give him his
damn memory there are already many adventures
in this book especially this
what
and he does not want to spoil them you do not want them
fight but well the point is that this
you can not read at the end of the book it
is about what to see if he wants
the jupiter camp or they love the
Romans accept the mestizo camp
because he has this this telepathy with
tyson where you both telepathy if
this and they communicate and it turns out that they come
well out is the mestizo camp to
come the one of jupiter but persie knows that
if they come unprepared these I do not know if
know but the Romans are a little
aggressive
a little extreme
Well, but if you know what is going to happen
bad so he tries to convince the
octavian that is a crazy bato that makes
guru shredding stuffed animals
this
and all the advice of the Romans for
that they are not so hooks with the
mestizos because this is where you give
realize that they need to join forces
both camps to save the world and
well in this book we recruit two more
of the coming heroes of Olympus
being frank and geyser
I have to ask them to pass a
little if you already read the house of
hades that possibly like all the
world already did this
they have to read an argument that was
here in boots and I liked it a lot because it's
about homosexuals I do not know if they want
plunder or not actually this
it's been about just being gay
of accounts is not spoiler what were they going to
discover sooner or later if you do not
they suspected they suspected good and that
I need you to go see it and I left
a comment because they remember uncle of
true on earth you are a teacher and if
leave a comment in this discussion the
I truly believe that the world is changing
and it's very good that there are authors like
rich that support it is a very nice
if this is all I have to
tell them about and see you in the
next video thank you for letting me
manifest in you
manifest yourself too